makes sense we get ground where are the
crab cakes oh that's in there underneath
there
are they mini crab cakes are we the chef
has decided that those are of the size
that he needs to serve mm-hmm
I mean that tastes dreadful that thing
takes sort of washy and soapy and $20
with it
he's as cheap with these crab cakes as
he's released are now for the lamb with
Roberts ridiculous $15 extra charge
it's rack of lamb and crusted in
macadamia nuts fresh herbs and a little
bit of Dijon mustard it's served with a
honey vinegar reduction it's not even
cooked properly I was getting nervous
when you see white fat like that on the
side of the chop is it to your liking I
mean it's pretty raw in the center you
like the flavor of it though the honey
Karen no way too sweet I'm not satisfied
with the quality the food's coming out
of the kitchen
I believe our chef has a learning curve
to be where he needs to be thank you
we just lost our other chef why did the
chef leave that's what's to tell you the
truth right the truth is all I want to
know why did the chef leave well her
paycheck she put all their everything on
her charge cards and and she just
beckoned she wasn't paid back for what
she's chef bought produce she did she
did everything she was the best chef
ever probably as dreadful and starving
the peanut butter chocolate decadence I
could do with some that pick me up
please
thank you God I shed that left because
you have to buy produce on her own
credit card I mean this guy's priorities
are upside down been like this in this
he said he doesn't care for the
sweetness this fat around it he didn't
care for the flavor of the honey Garr
[Music]
well thank you very much and did you cut
in half because it looks like some dude
and where's the other half come it goes
to them another person who are oh no I
want my two half $74 this place is
insane
listen half my desserts missing
if you think I'm spending $74 for
dessert that is half cocked hmm actually
quite nice there is hope I'm sorry I
mean I'm going to say that that is not a
dessert that he made Baba made it no
somebody else makes desserts it's
ordered like store-bought like through
one of our purveyors what where's the
chef he's in the kitchen
can you get him out please what
hey don't chef Julian in my opinion is
not living up to his potential as a chef
he will try to cut corners and I think
Gordon needs to know these things I've
just spent $74 for three plates of
absolute dire dated [ __ ] food crab cakes
yes sir you can't put too little half
testicle size [ __ ] crab cakes that
came from a can
there's bigger [ __ ] cakes chef at the
[ __ ] Telugu party my land was cold in
the middle the fat was white it was like
a mouthful of sugar the best tasting
dish for me was the [ __ ] chocolate
peanut thing that I got served half a
portion that's not even made [ __ ]
in-house what is this
there's no synergy here there is
honestly a lack of communication often
sometimes when I'm in the middle of
doing breakfast service for the ten
people that we randomly get I get five
texts from him asking me a question so
while you texting him if you have a
question maybe leave the RV and come out
to tell me those texts oh you nitpicking
are you trying to control him or you
know I'm trying to make sure I I haven't
been sleeping very well to be honest
with you and I've had I've been beaten
down I'll take responsibility for
everything that happens in the kitchen
you don't own the place you own it yeah
he's acting more responsible
what do you earn a week you don't mommy
ask him a thousand dollars before taxes
four hundred
she says christ almighty $400 a week to
be the head chef in a luxury hotel
that's insane I mean you're barely
surviving I'm I'm I don't know that I'm
even barely surviving if you're not
happy with your work environment you
should leave are you taking the piss or
is this just an abuse for you or you do
to these people see their livelihoods
this is your responsibility Rob's world
and you're in an RV a hundred grand
everybody is disgusted that you live in
that thing they really are because it
costs so much money and they can't get
their paycheck on time well that is not
the that is the issue but they are
surrounded by wealth and reminded of
poverty at the same time because of that
RV well a symbol to meet that RV is a
symbol and it's a symbol that you're
separating yourself from everybody else
I'd be very careful about coming down on
me too hard
I'm telling you exactly how I feel in
hell that I work with he'll let me tell
you how I feel when you're in your
[ __ ] kitchen all day long and you're
on the goddamn internet instead of
actually trying to perfect a menu and
get a menu how long did I ask for you to
make a menu of your own if I'm on the
computer usually is I'm trying to
research menu research ingredients give
me a break
I've given you plenty of rings I work
very long days and I haven't been paid
in three weeks there's only been one
paycheck that I got on time almost the
entire staff is ready to walk out
because they are tired of not getting
paid anything to say no we do things
please
[Music]